♪I found a faint light
in the fading dusk♪
♪And met your steady gaze♪
♪One knowing glance,
and side by side we walk on♪
♪Longing finds no place to rest♪
♪Through drifting wind and rain♪
♪You are the prayer within my hands♪
♪A single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows♪
♪We made a promise long ago♪
♪For all our days to come♪
♪You are the fate I cannot outrun♪
♪How much must I let go
to trade for one moment?♪
♪Holding you close♪
♪Would that be enough?♪
=Echoes of Love=
(Adapted from the signed screenplay
Echoes of Love on Migu Reading)
=Episode 18=
Lanterns speak for those we miss.
Since we cannot go in person,
let this carry our thoughts to her.
Thank you.
Shanguan Yu,
you were
the bravest and kindest woman
I have ever known.
Because of me,
you went through so much.
It is my fault.
One day,
I will avenge you.
Those who wronged you
will pay.
Why is life so hard for women?
After enduring so much,
there is still no peace at the end.
If there is another life,
may she be
an ordinary woman who knows happiness.
That would be enough.
Zhiyun, sleep.
When you wake,
things will change.
Trust me.
Let's do it together.
Get some sleep.
(Now, as planned,)
(you bring charges against Gao Deng,)
(and I move to withdraw the case.)
(This token of loyalty)
(should be enough to draw them out.)
Young Lord, Madam Ruyi
invites you for a private meeting.
(Once I obtain the key evidence,
the jade ruyi,)
(I can clear my mother's name,)
(convict Madam Ruyi,)
(and bring down the Shengtang Guild.)
(Song Zhiyun, do not worry.)
(I am going to finish
what matters most to you.)
This way.
Young Lord,
with your noble lineage,
and both wit and valor,
you are a rare treasure to our guild.
If you are willing,
choose an auspicious day,
put on this mask,
and we shall stand together
through life and death.
What are you doing?
Your Highness.
Wei Cheng.
Where is Gu Chengye?
Official Gu says
the case has progressed.
He is waiting
for you in the ginkgo grove.
The carriage is ready,
and waiting outside.
Why did he not come himself?
Is it urgent?
Yes. He left in haste.
What happened?
Wei Cheng, do not conceal it.
Official Gu...
He forbade me to speak.
But he discovered
that the hidden leader
behind the Shengtang Guild
is Dowager Consort.
He intends to report this
before the Emperor
and reveal the truth.
Yet he knows well
that once he goes,
it will be taken as defiance,
and he is unlikely to recover from it.
So he...
He...
He arranged for you to leave.
(Lasting peace)
(Gu Chengye,)
(I will not let you face this alone.)
(No matter what happens,)
(I will stand behind you.)
How dare you.
Gu Chengye,
do you know whom you accuse?
She is my adoptive mother.
Without solid proof,
are you asking me
to bear the charge of unfilial cruelty?
A ruler is father to his people.
Your Majesty is father to the realm.
I beg Your Majesty
to judge impartially,
to investigate thoroughly,
and restore clarity
and justice to the world.
Insolence.
Do you know this jade ruyi
was crafted by the late Emperor?
There is but one pair.
One remains with me.
The one you present
is a forgery.
You bring false evidence
to accuse the Imperial Dowager Consort.
How am I to judge fairly?
Guards.
Take Gu Chengye to the Imperial Prison.
Aunt, your foresight was flawless.
Gu Chengye did uncover
the secret within the Beauty Portrait.
We let him
present a false jade ruyi
before the throne.
Now he has been confined
by imperial decree.
However,
after all these years,
has the real jade ruyi
still not been found?
All who went there that day
have been silenced.
All but Zhou Zihua.
I have watched him for years.
He likely does not know
where the jade ruyi is.
In any case, we must proceed carefully.
No loose ends.
Understood.
Mother,
you have plotted for so many years,
like dark clouds blotting out the sun.
Yet today,
someone dares to uncover the truth.
These clouds
should clear at last.
(Gu Chengye,)
(the Shengtang Guild has drawn
most court officials to its side,)
(and harbors rebellious intent.)
(I am beset on all sides.)
(You are the only one I can trust.)
(I need you to stage this with me,)
(to draw out the one behind it all.)
(The Court of Judicial Review)
Miss Song,
you are but a commoner.
This is no place for you.
Gu Chengye, you fool.
♪Even if I drift
within a darkened whirl♪
♪Kindred souls
meet the light and become one♪
(Gu Chengye,)
(I will get you out.)
Miss Song, what should we do?
(How could it be forged evidence?)
(Where is the real proof?)
(I have it.)
Wei Cheng,
I need your help.
I cannot watch him fall alone.
I must save him.
He said
there may be a lead with someone.
That person is Zhou Zihua.